Update astraDB Application Quickstart Python README.md (#34)
riptano/astra-portal-getting-started: astraDBApplicationQuickstartPython/README.md

# Overview
Learn how to connect your app to Astra using Python.

**In this guide, you'll learn how to**

> - Set up our Python development environment

Reviewer: Should this be "Set up your Python development environment"?

Author: Yes

> - Set up our Python development environment

Author: ```suggestion
- Set up your Python development environment
```

- Connect to Astra DB and execute a static query
- Execute a query using a prepared statement

# Prerequisites

> - You also should have a recent version of Python 3.

Author: ```suggestion
You must have installed a recent version of Python 3.
```

## 1 Create a database

> If you haven't already done so, create a new Astra DB database. 

Author: ```suggestion
If you haven't already done so, create a new {astra_db} database. 
```

```

## 4 Create a new project and connect to Astra DB

> Start by creating a new Python program to connect to Astra DB.  Open your favorite IDE and create a new file called **testAstraDB.py**. Add the following three imports:

Author: ```suggestion
Create a new Python program to connect to {astra_db}.  Open your favorite IDE and create a new file called **testAstraDB.py**. Add the following three imports:
```

```python
from cassandra.cluster import Cluster
from cassandra.auth import PlainTextAuthProvider
import os
```

> This makes it possible for you to establish a secure connection (**PlainTextAuthProvider**) to your Astra DB cluster (**Cluster**).  You'll also need **os** to access the environment variables.

Author: ```suggestion
This makes it possible for you to establish a secure connection (**PlainTextAuthProvider**) to your {astra_db} cluster (**Cluster**).  You'll also need **os** to access the environment variables.
```

cluster = Cluster(cloud=cloud_config, auth_provider=auth_provider)
```

> Here, use you **secureBundleLocation** to set up your cloud configuration.  You're also initializing the **PlainTextAuthProvider**, and using both of these to configure our cluster object.

Reviewer: *your

```

## 5 Using a prepared statement
Now that you know how to connect and run a static query, use a prepared statement. Prepared statements are good for queries that you plan on running several times for different key values.

Start by adding another import to your code. For this exercise, send in variables as arguments on the command line. To read those arguments, import the **sys** module.

```python
import sys
```

For this use case, read in a keyspace and table name, and then display the columns present in that table. Create variables in your code to read those arguments from the command line:

```python
keyspace = sys.argv[1]
table = sys.argv[2]
```

> Next, create your query string and prepare it. Preparing your query string adds it to the prepared statement cache of your Astra DB cluster, preventing the need to parse it before each use.

Author: ```suggestion
Next, create your query string and prepare it. Preparing your query string adds it to the prepared statement cache of your {astra_db} cluster, preventing the need to parse it before each use.
```

```python
pStatement = session.prepare("""
    SELECT column_name FROM system_schema.columns WHERE keyspace_name=? AND table_name=?;
""")
```

> Now, execute the prepared statement while passing the **keyspace** and **table** variables.  Then, process and display the results.

Author: ```suggestion
Execute the prepared statement while passing the **keyspace** and **table** variables. Then, process and display the results.
```

python testAstraDB.py system local
```

> _For this example, just use "**system**" (keyspace) and "**local**" (table name) to ensure you get some output. You could use whatever keyspace and table names you have access to in the database you are using._

Author: ```suggestion
_For this example, use "**system**" (keyspace) and "**local**" (table name) to ensure you get some output. You could use whatever keyspace and table names you have access to in the database you are using._
```

```

## 6 Summary
In summary, you learned to configure your local Python development environment. We've learned to use environment variables for referencing our Astra DB credentials and secure connect bundle. Finally, you've learned how to run a simple, static query – including how to query results with a prepared statement. This should provide a solid foundation for building more complex Python applications.

> Note, that the complete code for [testAstraDB.py](https://github.com/riptano/astra-portal-getting-started/blob/main/astraDBApplicationQuickstartPython/testAstraDB.py) can be found in this repo.

Author: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** 
The complete code for [testAstraDB.py](https://github.com/riptano/astra-portal-getting-started/blob/main/astraDBApplicationQuickstartPython/testAstraDB.py) can be found in this repo.
```
